Add perform-pre-check configuration option (#1106)
rauc/rauc: docs/reference.rst

  If set, neither ``variant-name`` nor ``variant-file`` must be set.
  Refer chapter :ref:`sec-variants` for more information.

.. _perform-pre-check:

> ``perform-pre-check``
>   This boolean value controls if a RAUC bundle is read completely before it is
>   mounted. This prevents RAUC from trying to install a corrupt bundle. Its 
>   default value is ``false`` which means that this check is not performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``perform-pre-check``
  For ``verity`` and ``crypt`` bundles, this boolean value controls whether the complete
  bundle is checked for data corruption before it is mounted.
  Normally, this option is not needed as every access to the bundle payload during
  installation is already protected by ``dm-verity``.
  The default value is ``false`` which means that this pre-check is not performed.
  
  This option is useful when the installation should be aborted early even if the corrupt
  part of the bundle is not used during installation (perhaps due to adaptive updates or
  image variants).

  It has no effect for ``plain`` bundles, as the signature verification already checks the
  whole bundle.  
```
